(distant clanging)
(explosions)
What are you?
(yells)
I'm Strength.
I clobber.
STRENGTH: I grab and tear apart.
I destroy.
(gasps)
(groans)
Go boom now!
Empty as I thought.
(thuds)
(action music)
Why are you doing this?
("ASEED" by ZAQ playing)
(thrilling music)
Oh! Is it because I just used it?
(zapping)
(Strength grunts)
(Empress groans)
Take this!
(electricity crackles)
(Black Trike shrieking)
(clangs)
Uh...
BLACK TRIKE: You are currently drained.
I recommend you retreat.
Uh...
BLACK TRIKE: It's Black Trike, Empress.
(gunshots)
Pay attention!
(bullets clanking)
(gasps)
(engine revving)
(groans)
Tch.
This pain, these fragments of memory...
It's an awful feeling,
like drowning in my own vomit.
My agony...
is your fault, isn't it, Empress?
STRENGTH: Black Rock Shooter!
(giggles)
I smell money.
Mm.
(engine revving)
Why did Strength attack you?
EMPRESS: Strength, do you know her?
COLONEL: She's in our records.
You used to be on the same side.
On the same side?
(sighs)
COLONEL: Do I have to explain
from the beginning?
(upbeat music)
Project Elysion was
for large-scale automation of labor.
COLONEL: Artemis,
the core system for the project,
chose war against the human race.
(muffled explosion)
COLONEL: Artemis and its Unmanned Forces
are working hard to feed humans
to the Iron Ocean.
That will produce a new Unmanned Forces.
Did you see that?
Batteries act as currency around here.
Large power stations will surely
be detected by the Unmanned Forces.
Securing electricity is our lifeline.
(sobs)
(approaching footsteps)
Hmm?
You can take off your mask.
This cave is treated
with Arche decontamination.
Hmm...
Bartender, where's the nearest
Peacebuilding Force post?
I don't know.
Are there any wired network facilities
in this town?
You think we have
something useful like that here?
Well, I guess not.
The Hemiteos Unit was the secret weapon
of the Elysion Project.
Its guardian angels,
human girls modified into weapons of war.
COLONEL: The leader of the unit was given
the mission code name of Empress.
Also known as Black Rock Shooter.
That's who you are.
Wow. I didn't know you were that amazing.
That's so cool.
(snickers)
When Artemis
and its Unmanned Forces rose in revolt,
the Hemiteos Unit still fought
on the side of the human race.
They fought many battles, but in the end,
they lost and went missing.
I...
have to go to Lighthouse Number Eight.
What is that?
I don't know.
That doesn't make any sense.
Can I say something?
You stay quiet, or I'll kill you.
NORITO: You're a professional killer,
aren't you?
Killing is my profession and my hobby.
I live only for violence.
I'll assault and kill anyone in my way.
I'll even mess their dead corpses.
So don't mess with me.
What does that mean?
Uh...
NORITO: You don't need to know.
For now, we'll have
to forget about Strength.
We'll go to a Peacebuilding Force post
and regroup.
Then, you are going to save
the human race.
Save the human race.
Lighthouse, whatever it was,
will have to wait until this is over.
-We need to get a map or a guide--
-Huh?
What?
You like killing and messing with it.
That's wonderful, I totally respect you.
You're not eligible.
(whines)
That's a bummer.
(sighs)
So, who are you?
I can be your guide.
What?
There's a Peacebuilding Force base
200 kilometers west of here.
Just knowing it's to the west
won't get you there.
(thumps)
But I know the exact location.
Are you trying to tell me
that you're stupid?
How many years do you think have passed
since GPS became unusable?
I have a map system that doesn't use GPS.
Abandoned portable base stations
and Wi-Fi routers still give off
some kinds of signals.
I pick up and collect them,
and then do an image analysis
to study the terrain, which gives me...
I get what you're saying.
So, what do you want in return?
MONICA: Excuse me?
Don't play dumb.
These days,
nobody is kind to others for nothing.
What's your intention for joining us?
(chuckles)
I can't blame you for asking.
What I'm interested in is this girl.
She's great. She's so cute.
She makes me salivate.
COLONEL: A pervert.
Let me do a physical exam on her.
A pervert, all right.
No, I'm a researcher.
I can't tell if she's an enhanced human
or an android yet,
but she's clearly been augmented.
Doesn't that mean you could use somebody
who is capable of doing maintenance?
Maintenance?
Yeah, maintenance.
The knowledge I can gain by working
on that amazing bike alone
would be enough compensation for me.
Hm...
I knew it. You think I showed up
at just the right time, don't you?
You don't at all look like
the mechanically inclined type, soldier.
What did you say?
Hey.
MONICA: I nailed it, didn't I?
Oh, I haven't introduced myself yet.
My name is Monica Kaburagi.
I'm one of the top five system engineers
and hackers around this area,
or maybe even on earth.
As a child, I was already
mechanically inclined...
-Hey!
-MIYA AND MONICA: What?
Empress, I want to ask you
to do something for us.
Huh?
This is where we live.
(Norito grunts)
We have a lack of electricity,
a lack of fuel, lack of food,
and most of all, a lack of medicine.
(groaning)
Antibiotics, saline, and clean syringes
would make a big difference.
That's what we were looking for
when we met you.
(light music)
(gasps)
What are you trying to say, kid?
NORITO: There's an old hospital nearby.
It's abandoned, but there
are lots of supplies left inside.
Why don't you go there?
We can't.
"Beehives" surround the hospital ruins.
Oh.
Bee?
Beehives. The common name
for the Swarm Division.
COLONEL: It's the generic term
for drones that act collectively.
No capability to capture humans,
so they concentrate on killing humans.
At any rate, Empress,
with your help, we should be able
to bring back the necessary supplies.
I beg you to please help us!
(groans)
-(gasps)
-We don't have time!
(grunts)
(sighs)
EMPRESS: Being told
by that short-tempered man
to "save the human race"
didn't really convince me.
Mm...
Huh?
But now, right here,
where I can reach out to them,
there are humans in need.
I can't remember anything right now.
First of all, I want to remember
what kind of person I was.
EMPRESS: I hope I wasn't someone
who would abandon those in need.
I want to believe that.
So I'll do it.
(both sigh)
(action music)
If you're really one of the Hemiteos Unit,
you must replenish your ammunition here.
I have a weapon.
(clinks)
That BB gun is beyond inadequate.
Uh?
Coil Gun.
The ammunition should be
refined inside your body.
It's delicious.
COLONEL: So that's the ruins
of the hospital.
There are beehives on both sides of it.
They're pretty big.
MONICA: Whoa. Those are huge.
NORITO: They've grown
since I last saw them.
We'll make it simple.
Empress will attract the Swarm Division
and crush as many of them as possible.
Meanwhile, we'll go in
and grab as many supplies as possible.
The priorities are small generators,
batteries, and pharmaceuticals.
I'm surprised you agreed to do this.
You looked like...
How should I say it?
The cold and heartless type.
I just want to see for myself,
to assess the power of Empress.
If she's too powerful.
We probably can't make her do
what she doesn't want to.
I'm going.
(engine revving)
If she dies here, then that's that.
(ominous music)
BLACK TRIKE: Here they come, Empress.
Frick! Unexpected firepower, Empress!
This might be trouble.
I'll figure it out.
I'll stay here and be on the lookout.
Hurry up and get your supplies.
Right.
I've never been good at physical labor.
My involvement with this dangerous task
should come with a promise
of additional compensation, I think--
COLONEL: Step on it!
Okay.
(suspenseful music)
(grunts)
(weapon firing)
BLACK TRIKE: Empress, there's a new swarm.
(grunts)
(Norito panting)
Hurry, Miya.
Yeah.
MONICA: Let's go.
(all panting)
(warbles)
Quickly!
One more run.
Don't get greedy.
It's important to know when to--
(clangs)
Darn. Get in.
(gunshots)
In front!
From behind, too!
(Monica grunts)
-(crashes)
-(grunts)
-(giggles)
-Don't be reckless.
MONICA: Hold on tight, everybody!
BLACK TRIKE: Empress, the swarm
is all in one place.
This is your chance.
Black Rock Shooter.
(electricity crackling)
(rumbling)
(blasting)
(tires screech)
NORITO: She got them.
Awesome.
It looks promising as I thought.
(warbles)
(gasps, groans)
-(Norito grunts)
-MIYA: Norito!
-What the hell!
-COLONEL: Don't!
Darn! He fell! Stop!
(groaning)
(trilling)
(gasps)
Shoot, this is too close.
(zooming)
(whimpers)
Empress, above you!
(blasts)
(gasps)
Empress!
Left-overs.
-(weapon firing)
-BLACK TRIKE: I'll back you up.
Oh.
You drive me crazy.
Why do you force yourself to fight?
Because I can.
That's not what I mean!
What does this kid matter to you?
His name isn't "kid."
Every human being matters.
(scoffs)
Whatever.
BLACK TRIKE: It's been a long time.
How are you?
(robotic trilling)
See you again.
STRENGTH: Why is it? Why do I have
so much hatred towards her?
(shouts)
(soft music)
(chuckles)
Uh...
COLONEL: To the Peacebuilding Force post.
I'm depending on you to guide us there.
Got it. Of course, I will.
We've already wasted some time.
It wasn't a waste.
We saw that she's the real thing.
I've never seen a Swarm Division
being obliterated like that.
(sighs)
That one named Strength
is making me curious, too.
Speaking of curious...
COLONEL: You're getting annoying.
Just shut up and drive.
MONICA: Okay. Roger that.
Hey.
BLACK TRIKE: Yes?
What am I?
Hemiteos Unit Type 01,
mission code name Empress.
Why was I born?
Hemiteos Unit was developed
for the security of Project Elysion.
You are a human who possesses
the Hemiteos protein,
augmented using DNA computers
and DNA biological material.
EMPRESS: For security?
BLACK TRIKE:
As guardian of the human race.
To protect them from various dangers.
Oh?
Thank you, Black Trike.
BLACK TRIKE:
I don't know why I'm being thanked.
You've helped me many times,
and you've taught me many things.
So, thank you.
(Black Trike giggles)
Roger that.
Weird expression, "roger that."
Hey, Black Trike.
Do you know the building
called Lighthouse Number Eight?
BLACK TRIKE: That name
is recorded in the archives.
But the information is locked
and can't be accessed now.
EMPRESS: Do you know where it is?
BLACK TRIKE: Only the general direction.
To locate it precisely,
I'd need to get close to it and execute
an image analysis of the terrain.
I see.
-Uh...
-Hm?
(ominous music)
Education Institution!
What?
(zooming)
COLONEL: Our enemy!
("Before The Nightmare"
by Kanako Takatsuki playing)